# Summary of Advanced Concepts II

**Property**

A property is a member that provides a flexible mechanism to read, write, or compute the value of a private field. Properties can be used as if they're public data members, but they're special methods called accessors. This feature enables data to be accessed easily and still helps promote the safety and flexibility of methods.

[Read more](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties)

**Indexer**

Indexers allow instances of a class or struct to be indexed just like arrays. The indexed value can be set or retrieved without explicitly specifying a type or instance member. Indexers resemble properties except that their accessors take parameters.

[Read more](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/indexers/)

**Exceptional Handling**

The C# language's exception handling features help you deal with any unexpected or exceptional situations that occur when a program is running. Exception handling uses the try, catch, and finally keywords to try actions that may not succeed, to handle failures when you decide that it's reasonable to do so, and to clean up resources afterward. Exceptions can be generated by the common language runtime (CLR), by .NET or third-party libraries, or by application code. Exceptions are created by using the throw keyword.

[Read more](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/exceptions/)

**Enum**

An enumeration type (or enum type) is a value type defined by a set of named constants of the underlying integral numeric type. To define an enumeration type, use the enum keyword and specify the names of enum members

[Read more](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/enum)

**Attributes**

Attributes provide a powerful method of associating metadata, or declarative information, with code (assemblies, types, methods, properties, and so forth). After an attribute is associated with a program entity, the attribute can be queried at run time by using a technique called _reflection_.

[Read more](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/advanced-topics/reflection-and-attributes/)
